.
McKernan family and their journey from Packard Biologics or Packard Biosciences whatever the
company was called all the way up until now where they are with medicinal genomics. It's a really
incredible story of a successful family, a really cool father. His father died in 2019
and God rest his soul. He seems like a really, really, really nice guy. The obituary that Mark
has here on this website reads like he was a one-of-a-kind father. So that's pretty cool. All that
stuff is there for you to read and check out. I think it's worth checking it out if you have any
interest at all in trying to figure out who the players are in this narrative. It could just be
that what you're going to find here is more evidence for your belief that Kevin McKernan is a real
genuine expert in this field and representing the field well and that in many ways he has
taken me and many other people to school. That could very well be the case. It's also possible
that this history and the people that he is connected to in these newspaper articles and in
this previous work will maybe, I don't know, lead you to think that there is a possibility that
this is a sort of just the tip of the iceberg in terms of of his connections and his family's
connections behind the scenes to a lot of the people and impetus behind the human genome project
is the same impetus that was behind the special cancer virus program back in the 50s. It's the
same impetus that is behind a lot of what is happening now with the shift to RNA and lipid
nanoparticles and eventually moving forward from here. This was also a well-planned orchestrated
shift and so even if he is just an innocent medicinal genomics pot marijuana genetics guy
he is still someone whose father and brothers and career history took him very close and very
often to the highest seats of power very close to the largest weaponized piles of money
and very very close at least to these secret rooms where these secret meetings were happening
about bioweapons and about bioterrorism and about biosecurity. Now he may not have been in any of
those meetings he may not know any of those people really well he may not have gone to any of their
poker games but the point is is that you try to connect me to someone in the human genome project
knowing that the human genome project wasn't all NIH if you try to find a company that I started
that was doing HIV testing if you try to find a company that I've started that did any kind of
pathogenic or sorry pathogen testing PCR or otherwise I think you know maybe you should be more
surprised. I think if you found out that I had spoken in front of the who in 2011 about flu
vaccine fit and fill finish technologies I think you should be like whoa wait what
and so it's really nice to imagine that the guy who had a a molecular biological technology
called Longbow is actually just a hero coming to rescue us it would be great
and it's also would be very sad if that's the only guy out of all of these people
that is aware of this this problem this DNA in the shot thank goodness Kevin has alerted us to this
but I do think it's worthy of consideration that this other side of the coin that these however
you interpret these things what we're talking about is is every time a company of this size is sold
we're talking about many many millions of dollars kinds of of sums of money that
that don't happen randomly very often and certainly not back then and certainly not about these things
these would have been the some of the highest security priority technologies of the day
and certainly the trade secrets that were involved would have been very high security
things it's not all open source technology here's how we do it here's the recipe
and so what we're really dealing with here is something really important because it is
interesting that rather than just you know having started out with saying that I'm a guy who
who had a company that that used to do HIV testing right after I got out of the
human genome project we just here we just heard about the human genome project for a couple years
when he was even doing podcasts which he wasn't doing right away when he first merged on the
scene remember that it was none other than this kind of pseudo objection to the PCR test complaining
that the PCR primers might not be right and who was on that paper and go find out who's on that
corpsman jorston report objection paper with kevin mccurnan and go down that list of names
find out who bobby mohaltreis and ask yourself what is kevin mccurnan doing on a paper with
bobby mohaltre why is mike eden and and peter mcculla and thomas binder and claire crag what
are they all doing on that paper who organized that paper and why wasn't it more about the whole
idea of not using PCR as a diagnostic period rather than the incorrect use of PCR as a diagnostic
and do you see the difference do you see how significant it is that this man
after coming out of working for the human genome project started his own company in cooperation
kind of sort of a support with his dad who already had a very giant company
to make hiv testing
have we not already through this last three and a half years of awakening not only have we figured
out that maybe the the vaccine schedule in america for our children is is really terrible
even when you just assume that some vaccines are okay and maybe even helpful but the way that
they apply them in other countries is so different than the way that we apply them in our country
there should already be red flags it should already be a point of discussion it should
already be labeled as criminal and of course kevin is never going to touch that he's gonna
keep your your mind raised or focused on whether or not mark got which cut which company bought
which company after which company for which company sorry we didn't get the applied biosciences
bought amgen bought which what you read that wikipedia it's not exactly clear when it is
that perkin elmer split into two companies and blah blah blah and whatever happened in huha
let's just put it this way
the story of him dropping out of grad school to go work with eric lander on the human genome
project and then making his own way through the world as an entrepreneur is a little bit hand waving
because his dad was already a kingpin not a bad guy just a kingpin already a very
established giant in in biotechnology this is not for nothing that that Kevin is cruising around
like this it's not for nothing that he was in the white house before he was 30
i mean he's a cool guy i'm sure he's very very smart but let's be face it ladies and gentlemen
chances are very good that he's been walking around in some of these places where also people
like Robert Malone or Thomas Monath or or or any of these people i mean if we can put him in the
room with Craig Venner what more do you want i've never been in a meeting with Craig Venner
i worked at Erasmus MC in in Rotterdam the Netherlands for four and a half years that i don't even think
i ever saw Ron Fauciet in in a hallway i just saw him present once
so it's a it's a strange thing if your career really intersects with these people on an intellectual
property level on an on a on a corporate buyout level on a equity level i don't know
on a stockholder level those are kinds of relationships that i don't have mark doesn't have
so it's very strange that someone who's been running around in those circles working with
that many zeros for this long spends any time at all with a person who's just trying to scratch
together $2400 in rent every month and yeah it's $2400 a month in rent in Pittsburgh right now
because a lot of LLCs and banks own houses and there's nothing to rent privately anymore
when we moved to Pittsburgh we paid $1,500 a month in rent every month in 2016 and since
it's gone up literally $1,000 a month because where that's that's without that's without utilities
and yet you know let's just say the worst case scenario i'm here sitting in my garage with
trying my best to fake people out of their money why would that guy even bother wasting his time with me
why would he bother wasting his time with mark when he's getting 600 video views
why would he even waste his time
i think that's where we are i think you have to just realize that that the narrative isn't
moving anymore because it can't move anymore in in the sense of we haven't pinned against the wall
they can't talk about anything anymore without bumping into the wall of yeah but wait a minute
you haven't addressed the thing with excess deaths
the last time that kevin mccurnan wrote a sub stack about me he tried to say that this is this
sub stack he actually said it twice in the sub stack this sub stack isn't debating anything about
the man-demik this sub stack isn't debating about what percentage of the of the covid deaths were
due to the protocols in the atra atra-genic deaths this blog post isn't about that
this blog post is about the swarm and clones
because nobody wants to talk about it and i think when we listen to paul off it today paul
off it will not also talk about it the reason why we're listening to paul off it is because
actually he's going to talk about this time right here where we are we were at the beginning of the
pandemic and where actually our commander-in-chief donald trump got covid and so it's very important
in some ways to watch carefully and listen carefully to how someone like him um i actually
watched the movie sling blade with my kids the other night my my voice and they really really
enjoyed it a lot my son actually my oldest son at the at the table this afternoon said um i really
liked that movie last night papa really wasn't bad i mean it wasn't an action movie but for a drama
it was pretty good um and and that movie makes me really laugh because it feels very much as though
paul off its chin is kind of coming out now in a way that billy bob's short thortons chin came out
when he was playing carl in that and i can kind of see him staring in there like this in the camera
and he's getting too old for this he's been lying so long that he's he's even becoming jaded about
having to do it with his friend vincent and i'm not even sure vincent understands i really am not
sure because he's so jovial and so happy about it that i'm kind of sort of thinking that maybe he
doesn't get it but paul definitely paul definitely understands what was done paul definitely
understands this whole list paul understands how distorted public health is relative to the
numbers and how the messaging works how the messaging is more like something getting forced
down your throat than it is like convincing you of anything and so this limited spectrum of debate
i'm really interested to this take this little time this little evening video just to see
what you and i see together as far as the limited spectrum of debate that he he outlines in this
really short video remember um we got picked up by these people on the side of the road no matter
who we got picked up by they were reciting the faith of a novel virus we heard we heard steve
kirsch asking denny rankore over and over the other night um do you believe do you do you believe
in that is that do you do you agree do you agree um and so that's really what it's come down to is a
little bit of some people being responsible for misleading others and the others being
unwitting participants in this in this illusion of a spreading risk additive pathogen which there is
no evidence for um that might be the slide i'm going to stop on yeah we're going to stop right
here and we're going to listen to mr pauly paul woofit where did i put him right here yes
no right here yes from microb tv this is beyond the noise episode number 28
recorded on january 31st 2024 i'm going to take some notes we'll laugh about it and then we'll
say good night and i'll see you tomorrow i'm going to try and use some day time shows today is your
host doc day time is going to work better i couldn't do it today because of some meetings i had
this is the video version of paul's column on sub stack called beyond the noise cutting
to the chase unimportant health topics and today we're going to have a look at paul's last column
entitled trump's covid infection so maybe paul we can start by having you uh given overview of
the course of his illness true so in mid- october um former president trump was diagnosed with covid
and taken to the wall to read hospital um he had let his infection go on for fairly long so that by
the time he got to the hospital he had pretty severe pneumonia he was considered for being
ventilated which would have meant that probably um like pence would have taken over his commander
in chief but he was sick and so um he was treated with a variety of medications he was given the
anti-viral medication remdesivir he was given even though that actually um the anti-viral really
wasn't licensed till the end of that month and he was given the monoclonal antibody regenaron
which also wasn't really available at least for the general public until November and um and he
was also given dexamethasone um the the he survived he would he was obviously um back in his office
a few days later convinced that it was the monoclonal antibody regenaron that had saved his life
now uh he tested positive but didn't do anything for seven days why is that you would think the
commander-in-chief of the us would have physicians who would say let's do something immediately right
i i don't know why he made that choice obviously it was the wrong choice had he um been able to
identify uh with his or had he been able to admit i think to to the general public that he had
covid that that he could have been treated earlier not in theory um the one thing that was available
starting from the beginning of this pandemic and had been available for 100 years is convalescence
era i mean convalescence era was was underutilized and wrongly used you know the the we tended to
initially use convalescence era in that original Mayo Clinic study in hospitalized patients and
it would be much better off giving it during the viral replication stage the first phase
of illness which dr griffin has been very good at at explaining that that early stages compared to
the immune stage later um could have really prevented him ever from being in the hospital
but he didn't admit to either to himself or to the public that he was he had covid and in fact
he proceeded to in fact other people like chris christie for example all right so you in this
article you talk about what actually saved his his life so maybe we first we should talk about the
two stages of covid to set up for that right so which is true for many viral infections the
first stage viral replication is key and and so agents that decrease viral replication like
monoclonal antibodies which prevent virus cell binding or um or antivirus like like remdesivir
which is a um a replication so let's let's just pause it for a second here so he walked through
quite a bit there of already the the narrative that they want to lay down so first
yeah first trumps trumps covid infection is the title it happened in mid-October 20 he
he let the infection go for too long i apologize this pen is not writing perfect i just put new
ink in it um and he let the infection go too long and uh he had severe pneumonia so this is
already a breaker here because for me severe pneumonia can't be viral they have told this story
of viral pneumonia but that's really secondary pneumonia so that requires antibiotics and they
don't mention antibiotics here so antibiotics are not mentioned and that's weird because i'm almost
sure they would have given it to him but they're not mentioning it because they don't want you to
think sorry it's got to dry they don't want you to think that um that antibiotics would have
anything to do with it now again what are we talking about here why am i pushing this
this idea i'm pushing it because i want you to consider the possibility that these people
are misleading us and they're misleading us about this stuff right here this idea that
that that's my arrow right there that that antibiotics that that steroids they're trying to
mislead us with this stuff this isn't the slide i want it i want the one with the i want the one
with the train would i start with that one did i show you the train one already i didn't start
with that one i should have started with this one right here but this this is what we're we're
dealing with here now and this is a continuation of it paul off it is still on this sort of
enactment of what are the right questions to ask and then very very sternly answering the wrong
questions and so he set us up with this idea again that that there is a
oops that doesn't need i guess that could be there um he set us up with the idea that that he was
given remdesivir regenaron and dexamethasone and that donald trump thinks that one of these things
saved him but it's not the right one and so now we're already thinking in our head all remdesivir
and that's all by design because if we're about to argue with this list and we're about to complain
about this list then look what they got us to leave out completely the antibiotics the antibiotics
which would have been the most appropriate thing for his general severe pneumonia that because he
didn't do anything about it for so long which is very typical story of how people die of the
protocols they get ventilated when they don't need to be get ventilated and more importantly
they aren't given antibiotics because it's not on the protocol list because this is a viral
pneumonia and antibiotics don't work on viruses we've heard everybody say that and especially in
2020 and 21
so let me get out of that and i'll go back to the video
the application or oh yeah sorry so then he went on i forgot about that that's why i wanted to
pause it so he went on to the viral replication
and then there's some other phase right viral replication phase and then what did he say else
previous inhibitors like backslope and i was just true for many but he didn't admit to either
to the public that he was he had code and in fact he proceeded to in fact other people like
Chris Christie for example all right so you in this article you talk about what actually saved
his his life so maybe we first we should talk about the two stages of covid to set up for that
two stages for many viral infections the first stage viral replication is key and and so agents
that decrease viral replication like monoclonal antibodies which prevent virus cell binding or
or antivirals like like remdesivir which is a a replication inhibits replication or
where now we have protease inhibitors like backslope and i mean those early on clearly make a
difference clearly decrease your chance of going on to develop severe disease but by the time you
develop severe disease which takes time i mean it takes seven days ten days fourteen days to develop
severe disease by that time viral replication is much less important as as as contributing to
the pathogenesis of the illness at that point it's the immune response that's causing the symptoms
and in the case of Donald Trump flooding his lungs with white cells so at that point in
order to save his life you need to blunt the immune system you know you could argue this is
something that's always sort of perplexing me at some level so where do you notice
my slightly out of focus here maybe i need to focus my camera again
um i wonder if you've noticed that uh it really feels as though
um the second phase of covid is the cytokine storm and i haven't heard him say cytokine storm
yet it's really weird don't you remember that for the first year there was this thing called the
the cytokine storm wasn't it a cytokine or kind was it a cytokine i don't know a cytokine storm
i mean i remember them talking about a cytokine storm all the time and a cytokine storm of course
would be a immune system overreaction that would need something like dexamethasone to tamp it down
which people like uh dr griffin on twiv have told us that it's completely inappropriate to
use something like that for covid and so what i need you to see is that what needed to happen
and what definitely needs to happen is that this this all needs to be absorbed right they need to
move this this train they need to move this pantomime forward a little bit so that it slowly absorbs
all of the objections of the narrative so that eventually the truth is accepted
that's what we're doing over these years that's the whole process that we're involved in right now
and the dominoes that we're trying to get ahead of and try to consistently point out
how ahead we have been of these dominoes for the last three years we've been predicting that we
were going to get here and for the last three years these people have been slowly shifting from
denial to acceptance to saying yeah we were saying that all along obviously we couldn't know for sure
but that's what we were thinking that's no different than having us right to know and
Alex Washburn and a bunch of other people have podcasts about how well it's obvious it's a lab leak
now what about all the people that were saying it was a lab leak in 2020 what about all the
people that were saying there's no way something doesn't make sense because the sequence that they've
shown us is fishy the tests they're using are fishy the symptomology is fishy the protocols are
fishy and we can't figure it all out because everybody is spectacularly committed to the lie
that it's all unknown that we don't know that there's no reason to look for a pattern because
we don't have enough data yet this is the reason why we got here and the more different mistakes and
reasons and misleading stories that were involved in getting us here the better
so that as they clear the window that they themselves covered in dirt as they
filter the water that they themselves made dirty
and then show you look this is what clean water looks like yeah well no kidding
we were trying to tell you that four years ago that's what this is it's supposed to be
a little bit like exasperating it's supposed to make you feel that way because it's also
supposed to be very comforting to the people on that side who had doubts who heard some of our
arguments and thought wow I it makes sense to me but I can't distrust my television
that's exactly where we are right now we may have had some of our family and friends on
the fence for many years already now and it's people like Paul Offit that keep them from jumping
over keep them from making the leap to understanding and Paul Offit does it exactly like this
by absorbing little pieces of the narrative little pieces of the discussion in this case
it's even more it's even more disturbing because he's not really absorbing anything yet he's
actually just taking a different position on the train here
he's now admitting that well dexamethasone was actually pretty handy and it may have had
something to do with trump it couldn't have been the monoclonal antibodies
because we can't even make ip out of those anymore so those couldn't possibly work in the future
but dexamethasone might have worked and the reason why he says that is because that completely
supports the narrative of a novel virus that causes a cytokine storm after a intense bout of
viremia rather than reminding us that at the beginning of this story he said that
dogged Donald Trump had severe pneumonia
and there's not a doctor in the united states and maybe not a doctor in the free world that
would have treated pneumonia with antivirals first
let me say that again there's not a doctor on earth in the free world that would have treated
pneumonia pneumonia with antivirals and not antibiotics before the pandemic not one
and certainly none of them would have given remdesivir none of them would have given regenaron
none of them would have given do you see
so this is a really spectacular act because this is paul off it arguing with himself in a mirror
about nothing covering topics that are they themselves that the whole idea of arguing about
is irrelevant it's your immune system that killed you it's not the virus that you immune
Donald Trump flooding his lungs with white cells so at that point in order to save his life you need
to blunt the immune system you know you could argue and this is something that's always sort of
perplexed me at some level it's your immune system that killed you it's not the virus that you immune
response to the virus that kills you and so you're begging the question why why would it do that and
there was an article years ago in the annals let me just try to look at that let me just before
he digs his hole any deeper let me just tell you how stupid that statement is how just absolutely
asinine that statement is relative to what we've been trying to teach on this program
this little show of ours i don't want to get too harsh here but man oh man i can't believe he just
said that okay let me throw up my favorite slide in my deck
intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the
immune system is dumb why do i say that from a 30 000 foot perspective what i'm saying is is that
the immune system is so impossibly complex that it's absolutely absurd that we have been led to believe
allowed ourselves to be led to believe that pharmaceutical companies without liability
under the protection of the 1986 vaccines act and the protection of an emergency decolared
under the prep act that companies that are producing a lipid nanoparticle coated RNA
know enough about our immune system to usefully augmented
i think it's ridiculous to think that murk without liability really gives a darn about augmenting
our kids immune system against measles mumps and rubella i don't think they care at all
and i'm more i think they know that what they're doing is not really nearly as effective as it could
be if they give a darn if it mattered to them if they were held to strict liability that product
would work in a very different way it would be applied in a very different way it would be applied
in a very different time and in a very different number of times that's the reality
and so i say intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of
augmenting the immune system is dumb to try and make the point that it's probably a very rare case
in our history where the augmentation of the immune system has been done in a very clever
and wow wonderful way when it's been done intramuscularly
not talking about subcutaneous i'm not talking about
variation i'm not talking about oral vaccines can argue all you want about that stuff that's
at least augmenting the immune system at a barrier at the epithelial cells that are normally
affected but once you put it intramuscularly all bets are off it's just dumb
and you better have a darn good immunological explanation and mechanistic understanding of
what you think's happening besides well we put this really toxic substance right next to these
proteins and we hope the toxicity of the substance will be sufficient to attract the immune system
so that it processes those proteins and then we'll have immunity
we don't understand the immune system well enough to usefully augmented and certainly not by
intramuscular injections so think about how funny it is what he says here
question and they they posited that your body gives you a certain period of time to rid yourself
on the immune system you know you could argue this is something that's always sort of perplexed me
at some level it's your immune system that killed you it's not the virus it's your immune
response to the virus it kills you and so and so what he's saying is that the immune system if it
if it goes incorrectly can kill you if the immune system responds incorrectly it could kill you
and so if my argument is correct we don't really know how to usefully augment the immune system
and especially not with intramuscular injection of a combination of substances then why in the world
what a guy who thinks it's kind of funny it's ironic that in the end it's not the the bugs that
kill you it's not the virus that kills you it's the immune response to the virus that we would be so
arrogant in our understanding to think that we could augment it with transfection
expressing a viral protein with a chemically altered codon optimized version of this
produced by bacteria
spectacular arrogance
spectacular arrogance that's based on spectacular arrogance that goes back decades
all the way to when they said we're gonna you know sequence dogs and cats and and genomes
and once we have all these genes you know it's just gonna be a we're it's gonna be a free for all
how many things we're gonna fix and in ten years we'll be using retroviruses to cure childhood
diseases it's all part of the same arrogance it's all part of the same illusion the same
long list of promises made and not kept sales pitch is done by by a generation before this one
by a postdoctoral generation before that one by a postdoctoral generation before that one
writing grants making promises about where we'd be in ten years and why this needs to be done
why this is so important
and the predictions are always about a coming understanding a coming epiphany a coming breakthrough
holy cow where's the breakthrough
where is it where's the cure for cancer the cure for AIDS the cure for malaria where's the cure
where are the cures for all the understanding of all these chronic diseases where is all this
breakthrough happening
where's the evidence
is it all hidden away in the in the patent office
is it all stored away in patents for methodologies at big tech companies pharmaceutical companies
genetics companies sequencing company where where are these advances that are supposed to
make everybody's life so much better
what part of our health reflects this advancement
what part of the the people that you see at target the people that you see at walmart the
people that you see at the gas station what part of that reflects this advanced health care system
of ours it's advanced understanding of our biology
it's nowhere because there is no advanced understanding of our biology here he's he's admitting to it
we don't really know how it works but eventually it's your immune system that kills you
isn't that ironic
begging the question why why would it do that and there was an article years ago in the
internal medicine that sort of tried to look at that question and they they posited that
your body gives you a certain period of time to rid yourself in this case of a virus and if
you're losing then you sort of get culled from the herd so that you don't then affect other people
so we now know that uh it's important look at his smile antiviral look at his smirk
what is this 70 year old man smirking about what is that smirk for get culled from the herd
so the virus and if you're losing then you should have get culled from the herd so that you don't
then affect other people so what he's saying is is that if you don't fight off the virus then
your immune system kills you so that you don't kill the rest of the herd that's what he just said
it seems like a system it's kind of a system to make sure that you know if you're not good enough
you get culled from the herd
look at that face
sorry but that looks like Carl from sling blade yeah i reckon i reckon he culled from the herd if
you he can't find that virus i reckon you be dead
i'm not down with this guy i don't like him i'm sorry i will admit that i don't like him but
more importantly i don't like his message i don't the the commitment the absolutely
spectacular commitment to what he knows our lies
it's really like an unspoken thing they they they they probably never ever say it anymore
but it is a criminal enterprise in america the fda the cdc and the vaccine schedule together
are a criminal enterprise and if you believe that the children are the future then this is the the
awakening that needs to occur as a result of the pandemic nothing else matters
because if we take that out if we take that pillar out if we restore
the 1986 vaccine act to its original form and then augment it to make it better
and we wholly remove the prep acts to strike it from existence as unconstitutional we can rid
ourselves of the who in one fell swoop we can step out of the un whenever we want to we can elect
someone to do that separately but right now the pivotal moment in our history is this pivotal
moment in our history is whether or not we realize that our vaccine schedule when compared to all
other vaccine schedule is absurd and therefore criminal
if your kid goes to school and he starts asking around and says hey how many how many times
a date is your or how many times a week does your dad kick you in the head before bed
and for him the answer is three times a week but for everybody else at school it's like dude my
dad never kicks me in the head well that would be a pretty good sign that what your dad is doing to
you every three or four nights a week is not necessarily very normal and if you compare the
vaccine schedule for American children to the vaccine schedule in Norway or the Netherlands
or Sweden or Spain or Greece Italy what do you find
how many shots before six months how many shots before 64 hours
now you look in closer and closer and closer and you will find that our children are treated
in a way that no other children are treated in the western world
and this man is involved intimately involved in that system for decades
he should be retired but he can't retire because the secret is safe with him
and the people that are coming up that don't understand are all they got they don't have
anybody like him who knows and is willing to do what he's doing right here which is make that
yeah I reckon that reckon face mm-hmm I like french ride taters
oh my gosh it's just disturbing because this is the narrative this is the illusion
so we now know that it's important to give antivirals early in infection to curtail the viral
phase as you say so why even though he was seven days after testing so why are we discussing what
happened with Donald Trump and why are we still going back to remdesivir he's still going back
to the antiviral part of this this whole thing already pushing it back to remdesivir why did we
give him antivirals after after seven days so again here we are we're stopping the train we're
arguing about where we should stand in order to pull the train to a stop where we should chalk
our hands up so that we can push it back going again and so it's this really interesting spell
binding discussion about nothing what had been since again why did we do it after seven days if
we know that we'd already know that antivirals don't work after the viral phase right the viral phase
talking about it as if though it's some kind of textbook fidelity precision we know already
now that the viral phase lasts between 72 and 75 hours and it generally starts in the upper
lungs and blah blah blah they're getting ever more confident in their presentation about what
they know about how this works and it's nonsense listen to this in infection to curtail the viral
phase as you say so why even though he was seven days after testing positive why did they give
him these the remdesivir and the monoclonal so late that's a great question and i think the
answer is because we have very little experience with either of those products even the monoclonal
antibody regeneran or the antiviral remdesivir neither which had been licensed or authorized yet
so you didn't have much data in fact if you look at the early data with remdesivir
one of the first hundred patients or so that was all in hospitalized patients i mean you would have
argued that if you're going to use it you should use it early in people who are at highest risk
of developing severe disease i.e. those people who have the kind of comorbidities that put
them in high risk that's not the way those original studies were done the same thing for
monoclonal antibodies that that's not the way those studies were done so you saw some benefit but
a very mild benefit and so i think we learned as we go but people look at this they think you know
here now we know i got to listen to that again because i've heard him say something silly you should
use it early in people who are at highest risk of developing severe disease so he's arguing there
that remdesivir should be used early
on people at greatest risk
so what does that mean does that mean that he wants to take people into the hospital and
force them to get on an IV of remdesivir for a couple weeks to protect them from COVID
is he kind of thinking like Steve Kirsch was on the Brett Weinstein podcast on June 11th 2021
where he said that if we just forced everyone to take ivermectin and a fluvoxamine for 60 days
that we would be ending the pandemic is that what he's basically saying that if we had done this
we would have saved a bunch of people and if we had to put them on remdesivir we would have saved
a bunch of people is that what he really said because i think that's what i just heard
that's what i reckon i heard him just say we general honor the anti-viral remdesivir
neither which had been licensed or authorized yet so you didn't have much data in fact if you
look at the early data with remdesivir um one of the first hundred patients or so that was all
in hospitalized patients i mean you would have argued that if you're going to use it you should
use it early in people who are at highest risk of developing severe disease i.e. those people
who have the kind of comorbidities that put them in high risk that's not the way those original
studies were done i'll say the thing from monoclonal antibodies okay so what are we talking about
the studies or how they actually should have been used remdesivir was used first on the sahomish
county man the compassionate use of remdesivir was justified by a lot by the paper that was written
by cena bivari and allis and totura in late 2000 or early 2019 about the broad spectrum antivirals
and coronavirus pandemics in predicting every single thing about this narrative including the
fact that remdesivir would be useful and here we are four and a half years later still talking
about remdesivir being useful are you kidding me and then debating about well did it really help
him and i didn't kill trump i guess huh and it wasn't regenerant we barely knew what we were
doing with that stuff i mean you know i think joe really even gave joe rogan that stuff
listen to the way these people talk so that you can hear how the narrative is still being protected
and more importantly this train this train is still being stopped
they are still pretending to discuss things that are relevant that are on this list
that are on this list
and it's crazy but they really are on this list with dexamethasone right here steroids they are
on the list with dexamethasone they are on the list with ventilators and they are on the list
with remdesivir there is not one inkling not one inkling of a hint
in office voice or any of this discussion that remdesivir might have been a mistake
that remdesivir might have killed people
that remdesivir might have been combined with other things to kill people there there is no
no no no even not even a remote chance that that's ever going to come up in this discussion and
quite frankly it's shocking if you think about it but it doesn't come up in very many other
discussions either never mind the opioid epidemic that's gone crazy for the last three years never
mind all of the other things that have gone crazy for the last three years never mind the horrible
horrible things that we've done to our college kids over the last three years
this guy's not going to talk about any of that
he wants you to discuss trumps covid and what really happened during trumps covid
I mean that's incredible that's not the way those studies were not said so you saw some benefit
but a very mild benefit and so I think we learn as we go but people look at this they think you
know here now we know that this is not these products the antiviral the monoclonal are not
going to work well late notice so why did we do that because we learn as we go and I think that
we're largely intolerant of that kind of learning curve it's interesting because
we have a lot of experience with other viral infections we know you have to for influenza you
have to give antivirals within 24 to 48 hours so this whole story during covid really was
fascinating to me that we did clinical trials late in hospitalized patients before I don't
understand why the the light didn't go on earlier I agree with you for me the thing it was much
let's see this is also absorbing the narrative listen to the the the idea that Vincent Rancio's
laughing I don't know why we did these clinical trials so late but of course that this is what
I'm explaining this is what I'm really trying to emphasize with you they did these clinical trials
so badly so that people could argue about them at the time and so that it would make sense for us
to look back and go wow that was really crazy and it would be very easy for somebody like Paul to
say yeah but we didn't know any better that's what we had to work with we were trying to keep
people out of the hospital so that the disease wouldn't spread and we wouldn't get overwhelmed
and so our priorities were different and we were thinking differently and so when we did the trials
we only really had these severe cases to work with because everything else was at home and so
these people were already ready to justify this they just weren't going to justify it two or three
years ago they were going to justify it this year while two or three years ago people on our side
were arguing about the validity of these claims now that the people on our side of Altman convinced
that they're right about the validity of these claims it's time for these people to admit that
some of these claims are right but we couldn't have known back then we didn't know anything back then
and and Vince it makes it funny we knew this about influenza so it's crazy that we didn't know it
about COVID but everybody at the CDC and everybody else was telling us that this was a novel virus
that we knew nothing about and even Paul was telling us that we weren't sure whether we could
build lasting meaningful natural immunity to a virus like this and people on the darkest parts
of the internet were telling us that the spike protein was obviously an amyloidogenic
prionogenic gain-of-function engineered protein tinkered to have parts of the HIV virus in it
and so therefore therefore therefore we were in big trouble
that's how this works look at that smile late in hospitalized patients before I don't understand
why the light didn't go on earlier I agree with you for me the thing that was most upsetting in
that year because that was a terrible year right 2020 I mean the virus came into this country early
in 2020 at least at the first recorded death of sometime around the end of February of 2020
and then a thousand people were dying a day two thousand people were dying a day three thousand
people are dying we had we had two hundred thousand deaths by May we had five hundred thousand deaths
in this country by December I mean we were helpless we had nothing again it was the the antivirals in
October the the monoclonals in wow so he says that we had five hundred thousand deaths by the
December 2020 that's I think that's the craziest number I've ever heard because we're supposed to
have had a million dead at some point but five hundred thousand in 2020 is
that's a lot that's a lot of people let me hear it again
that's a lot of people let me hear it again thousand people were dying a day three thousand
people were dying we and then a thousand people are dying a day two thousand people are dying
a day three thousand people are dying we had we had two hundred thousand deaths by may we had
500,000 deaths in this country by December. I mean, we were helpless. We had nothing.
Again, it was the antivirals in October, the monoclonals in November, and not vaccines,
not until December. So what did we do? We isolated, we quarantined, we masked, we tested.
We wore bandanas, we isolated, we wore goggles in combination with bandanas. We talked about
bushmeat. We got really everybody fired up about the secret formula of prophylactic ivermectin.
Isn't that what you guys were doing? I thought, you know, Alexandros Maranos thought he didn't
really tell anybody this, but in retrospect, it makes a lot of sense that during an emergency,
if you don't have principles, then you don't have principles ever. And it only matters if you
have principles in an emergency. He never really told anybody that, and he didn't have principles
during it, but if he worked it out later, then the right thing would have been to have principles
during the emergency. And so I'm not blaming anybody for giving up their principles because
these people were brutal, and they had us before the pandemic already. We didn't even really know it.
But what I find very frustrating is the people who are doubling down and tripling down on this idea
that we need to be governed by this mythology, that they won't either won't see through it or,
more importantly, are very happy not to see through it for their overlords, for their slavers that they work for,
whoever it is that they've decided to sell their soul to.
I've given my soul to my wife, if there was anything to give, and a long, long, long, long, long, long,
long, long, long, long, long, long time ago, when I was a very little kid, I already gave my soul to God.
So I know exactly what I'm fighting for.
And I'm totally fine with whatever anybody, however anybody made their hundreds of millions of dollars.
I'm all fine with it. I don't care, Paul,
but I do care if my kids grow up thinking that that's not that that's an okay guy.
I do care if my the college kids grow up thinking that this is an okay guy,
the college kids grow up thinking that that these technologies are high fidelity,
that these ideas are well understood, that these concepts are well founded.
We can't let that happen.
We're never going to be able to change the mind of somebody who's been in this field for 35 years.
We're never going to be able to change the mind of somebody who's millions of dollars
are dependent on these ideas remaining intact. We're never going to change their mind. And in fact,
the more that there are hundreds of millions of dollars are dependent on this mythology,
the more likely they are to behave irrationally, the more likely they are to call you something
like chemtrail retarded, the more likely they are to be connected to people like Mitt Romney
through their business, the more likely they are to connect to Tom Ridge through their business,
the more likely they are to be connected to health and human services contracts for pathogen tests,
the more likely they are to be connected to anything to do with this biotechnology,
biosecurity state that we are being ushered into that started all the way back in the
special cancer virus program, transitioned into the HIV stuff, transitioned into the human genome
project. It's all one continuous line of parallel investigation between biotechnology and bioweaponary
and biosecurity technology. Trying to crack the human genome has been our goal for a very, very
long time. And we've needed to have the computing power and the sampling power and the algorithmic
power and the sequencing capabilities in order to even attempt to get to the starting gates.
And this guy's been around for a long time, probably not involved in that stuff, but involved
in the security measure control measures that is public health. 25 years he's been working on
vaccines like a rotavirus vaccine. Really? Really? I mean, really?
I'm just tired of the fake altruism. I'm tired of the fake sainthood. I'm tired of the the fake
respect and love for the sacred. I'm tired of the fake reverence. There's no reverence here.
There's no reverence in many of the people that I oppose.
And that's the part that I find most frustrating. You know, you look at a guy like Jim Thorpe,
you know, he might be wrong about some of the biology. He might be deceived by a lot of these
people because his details and his biological understanding are not really there. But man,
oh man, does that guy have an appreciation for the sacred? As a man has been taking care of
pregnant women and birthing babies his whole life, the guy knows what sacred is.
And so he's a very dangerous card in this deck too because if he starts to figure out what we know,
he could be incredibly dangerous because he will be able to express that reverence for the
sacred in a way that few others can. And right now they have him pretty well locked into the idea
that there was a novel virus that really meant something to lots and lots and millions of people
like he just said. 500,000 people in a year were killed by the coronavirus according to Paul Offit
today. 500,000 people in United States in a year. Wow. Where are the bodies? That's a really
big stadium full of bodies, like a really big stadium full of bodies.
All right, let's listen to the rest. I gotta do a bit.
It's fantastic. We shuttered schools. We closed businesses. We restricted travel. That's all we
could do was try and limit human human interaction for a virus. It was transmitted largely asymptomatically.
We were stuck. But the thing that upsets me the most was the convalescent sera
because we hadn't expanded. I wanted to just point out something in a textbook I was reading
today. I just thought it would be kind of cool now that he says that particular thing.
I wonder if you would allow me to read a little bit of a textbook for you today.
I don't know if I'm going to be able to find this thing right away. Let me see.
Where was this part? Maybe I have to look it up by that number letter.
I almost saw it, including there, Nate, there, Nate. Oh man, where am I going to find it? Am I
going to be able to find it? I gotta look up this one. Okay, I'll just, I'll look it up. Hold
out. I'm going to find it. What did it say? Control F and I don't want that one.
Okay, look for that one. Okay, and that.
Let me see. Come on, Jay. You had it all tagged out and now I don't have it tagged out anymore.
Maybe I have to open the other one. Did I save the other one?
That's the huge PDF. I don't have the small PDF. So I have a whole, it's a whole book. It's
28 chapters and I'm looking at the coronavirus chapter and there was a part in the coronavirus
chapter. Might be at the top here. This is coronavirus, right? It's 28, 20, I just do. I'm
going to wait too far. Okay, I'm going to move it over here so you can see what I'm doing. This is
probably really annoying. Here we go. This is a PDF. I'm going to get to chapter 28 here.
How did I get so far away? What is this?
Well, come on. Really? I didn't mean to get this far. Here we go. Okay. This is coronavirus.
What it says here, maybe I have to go up this far. So first of all, they've got the clones in here
that we can talk about a little bit and how they're made. They talk a lot about how it's done. They
talk about why it's necessary and why it's so handy. There's a prevalence thing in here somewhere
where I read, which I thought was really cool. It's said that
look at this. The remaining four just listen, I mean, just get this. The remaining four human
coronaviruses, the alpha coronaviruses, human coronavirus 229E and NL 63 and the beta coronaviruses, OC 43
and HKU 1 typically cause common colds. Remarkably,
human coronavirus NL 63 and human coronavirus HKU were only discovered recently in the post
SARS era despite the fact that each has a worldwide prevalence and has been in circulation for a
long time. So how would we differentiate between a novel spreading pathogen and a pathogen that
already had previous indemnicity that was already in the background that we didn't even notice that
we didn't even detect until recently? And how would we know how many of these viruses had been
detected in the background as part of a compliment of RNA signals that are just there all the time
that we still really haven't been able to get a good solid read on because people like Nathan
Wolf of Tonus said it's just like a dark matter of life down there, dark matter of DNA and RNA,
genetic noise inside of which are hidden new life forms. How do we know that they haven't
hyper characterized that whole background signal at that size scale? Just like that says right there
that these viruses were there in the background. Did I spin it out of control and lose it?
Remarkably, they were only discovered recently despite the fact that each has a worldwide prevalence.
Well, how could something have a worldwide prevalence in us not know it? How many more things could
be have a worldwide prevalence, but we wouldn't have known because we just didn't pay attention
because we have common colds all the time. How many of them are enteric viruses that work in our
guts that we never notice because a little diarrhea is not a big deal in America where half the time
you're eating from fast food or restaurants, right? Hello? So how would you know if you had
an entera virus that was a coronavirus and how would you really know? I mean, if you're drinking
five nights a week after work, you're drinking lots of coffee during the day, I don't know what you do,
I don't know what you eat, but how many people would ever think that, wow, maybe I have a little gut
virus. Maybe I have a a phage working in my microbiome. Maybe that's why I have diarrhea.
Nobody ever thinks that. And yet here's a here's a whole here's a whole chapter about how half of
the coronaviruses in the world are actually gut coronaviruses. They replicate in the gut
endothelium and epithelium rather, not not in the skin, not not in the in the lungs, but in the gut
because there's a lot of there's a lot of epithelium there too.
And now this this whole chapter has all kinds of hidden gems in it, all kinds of hidden gems
which make it very obvious that what what has been done in this argument is a confounding
where they claim such a high fidelity of understanding of coronavirus and a high fidelity
understanding of everything at this size scale with regard to DNA and RNA as pathogenic as
external signals. And they have been lying about it for decades, even as their understanding has
ever expanded into also this size scale, including all kinds, maybe even a predominance of endogenous
signaling. We don't care because the public health mythology under which we are intended to be
governed has no room for those signals has no room for that biology.
We are going to be exclusively taught the biology of of correlates of immunity, the biology of
vaccines being a a a masterwork of human ingenuity and the literal cutting edge of of evidence so
evidential understanding of how our body works and it's an absolute absurdity.
But that's what we're teaching our kids that's what we're teaching our kids in in medical school.
So it is it is a red alert situation right now and Paul Offit is the great example of it where
they have this really beyond retirement age person selling what should have been already a retired
version of immunology from a bygone era.
And that's why they have him and Vincent still selling it. There are no young people who can
understand this in a coherent way. They need people like this to keep them on track,
otherwise they will eventually reason their way out of it just like we did.
Access program for that people did give that give generously I think it's one of the many
bright lights of this pandemic people were perfectly willing to give their blood and serum to help
others but we didn't do those studies the right way that original Mayo Clinic receiving study was
in hospitalized patients. There's no reason we couldn't have done that done that earlier and the
estimates are that we probably would have saved at least 20 to 30,000 lives early on.
Hopefully the next pandemic will remember that you know.
I hope so. The next pandemic. So I'm actually impressed that his physicians gave him dexamethasone.
So what were they thinking for? Right. The thinking was let's suppress his immune system.
And you know it's a slippery slope because on the one hand it is your immune system
that saves you in the sense, right? I mean antibodies you know prevent virus cell binding,
antibodies were made by B cells. The T cells T helper cells help B cells make antibodies
and then cytotoxic T cells which also respond fairly rapidly and well when you're severely ill.
Also kill virus infected cells. And so that's something that he didn't say in 2020.
Nobody on his team even in 2021 was talking about cytotoxic T cells.
And in fact I think I did my first real twib presentation about him saying the cytotoxic T cells
were most important in 2022. After I'd been teaching it for two years because why was I teaching it?
Because Stanley Perlman really is his seminal papers in 2003 and five after the SARS outbreak
were papers that demonstrated that T cells and cytotoxic T cells aimed at conserved regions.
The end protein and and open reading frame one A were the site though the cells that were important
in my surviving a laboratory infection of SARS and without those T cells antibodies didn't matter.
Stanley Perlman the guy who sat on the who's committee on coronavirus Stanley Perlman is the
the elder statesman of coronavirus in America and that guy never ever ever talks about this stuff
because he is intimately aware that the immunology has been wholly misrepresented inverted as though
antibodies are first when antibodies are last and he knows that he's in he's a sufficiently
well well studied coronavirus biologist that he understands the immunology he did the T cell
studies. That's probably why Stanley's not involved in this stuff because Stanley's own
research shows that they're immune correlate their correlate of immunity antibodies is irrelevant
and couldn't save the mice in any of his papers so here we are again absorbing a little bit or at
least turning around and saying yeah I always said that of course their response of course T cells
are important but he still said it in the wrong order he still told you antibodies before B cells
before T cells and then finally he said cytotoxic T cells even though cytotoxic T cells are
activated pretty early in the chain and definitely earlier than B cells because B cells need the
circulation of the antigen that activates them before T cells can help them to get fully activated
and go into plasma division plasma cell divisions. This is the linked recognition part that we covered
again already three years ago many many many many many times for a year and a half
to try and explain how the basic immune system works the basic immune response to an antigen
set works because that's pretty darn important it's much more important than saying amyloid and
prion over and over again and pointing at little sections of the spike protein saying that this
program or that program says that these sequences are amyloidogenic
without ever doing any experiment at all you know something really easy like let's say
make a synthetic spike protein without those sequences in it because that's pretty easy to do
and then do the same experiment with the spike protein getting transfected in cell culture
and show me there's nothing like you showed in the other culture but they don't do those kinds
of experiments here we don't do control experiments here
because control experiments would reveal the fraud
so we don't do controls on vaccines and we hide behind ethics we don't can do controls on the
transfection because we hide behind ethics and they paid people they encouraged people to come
out and talk about how bad the spike protein was how it was evidence of a laboratory pathogen how
hey fear and cleavage site is just so so freaking important so important is the spike protein so
so very important
oh i closed it sorry but in that same in that same
chapter number 28 in fields virology sixth edition where you can find all kinds of discussion about
how important it is that they finally learned how to make infectious material using DNA clones
how it's revolutionized the study of RNA viruses and coronaviruses in particular
there's a couple different paragraphs about how it's very common in several different sub-families
for there to be an s1 s2 junction that's cleavable by a fear and like cleavage fear and like protease
now it may be true that in this particular group of coronaviruses like SARS coronaviruses given
their genetic classification scheme have never shown a fear and cleavage site but the idea that
it's odd the idea that it's crazy in that book in that book there are 815 different references
to fear and proteases fear and proteases are important in so many different viruses it's actually
kind of absurd to think that you would ever argue that a fear and cleavage site in a coronavirus is
definitely an indication of a of a lab leak
what's really absurd is the people who said it at the beginning of 2020
wasn't virologists it wasn't innocent virologists all around the world
it was weirdos
it was people that had no business knowing that
people that are now messing with with families that were that that that lost a member of their family to
remdesivir are being messed with and manipulated by people who at the very beginning somehow knew
that the spike protein and its fear and cleavage site was a real big thing to talk about
some people were absolutely convinced that the fear and cleavage site of the spike protein was
the thing to talk about from february 2020 onward and they didn't talk about anything else
it's not that i think that luke montenier is wrong he was shown the sequence and said well
that sequence was obviously made on a keyboard made in a laboratory designed exactly the way
they wanted it to and he was already aware that they could use just PCR they could just kind of print
it we have that technology we can make it that's why there was a process one in a process two and
they're now making a big deal about the fact that process one would have been a lot cleaner than
process two these aren't surprising things these are things that kevin mccurnan knew from the very
beginning could have known from the very beginning has known from the very beginning brought out
incrementally from the very beginning that's why he was on my podcast twice
because he kept bringing it out a little more letting a little more out trying to give a
little bit more rope hoping that's all i would need so that i would shut up and stop looking
into this anymore and focus on the fact that the shots were going to hurt people because the
RNA wasn't pure and eventually oh my gosh there's DNA in it too
and maybe they could finally get me off the idea that transfection by itself in its
purest form is really really dumb for healthy humans maybe they could just keep me focused on
the spike protein and gain a function long enough so that they could get this through
and that that i would get in the book and then i would just shut my mouth and take the fame
but no they were wrong i decided to shoot myself in the foot admit that i got it wrong and admit
that i was trying to get it in the book but i couldn't get it in the book because it was too
late and when i figured it out it just didn't it didn't work that that's not the narrative
they want to tell they didn't want to end the book with but it's all a lie
or don't don't forget that you have to consider that it's all a lie that's in there and it's a
quote from me that they wouldn't even need a virus anymore to do this and they didn't need
a virus in 2020 because as the book fields of virology in the chapter written by Stanley
Perlman chapter 28 there is a sentence that says remarkably these two coronaviruses were
discovered after SARS even though they have a worldwide prevalence and have been in circulation
for a long time so just the insistence alone that Paul Offit would make that Kevin McCurnan would
make that this virus wasn't around until 2019 and it's just a matter of how early did it come out
so that we can explain some of this phylogeny that is wrong we have evidence in the virology
textbooks that tell us that there are coronaviruses in circulation that we were never aware of that
we never found that we never tracked that have always been there that have a worldwide prevalence
and Kevin McCurnan himself admitted it in a stream with me that all we had to really do is
turn on the PCR and we would have seen patterns of viruses moving through the population and so
that's what we did you can't discount that that's what we did you can't discount that that's what we
did then you look in his blog and you will see that he's talking about how this is not a blog about
whether or not the pandemic was more significant than the pandemic or whether the iatrogenic murder
was more significant than the the virus this is about clones and about the swarm
because he knows that that discussion is a losing discussion that discussion is a losing discussion
because it involves doing this math that i keep telling you none of these people will ever do
they won't do this math here
do you think that that that that we're ever going to do this math with Kevin McCurnan
i mean he's gonna he's gonna wave away the idea that no i mean yeah but there was def i mean
there's 15 million sequences that he says prove that there was a novel virus that millions of
people died from and millions more were saved from and probably came from gain of function
because clones can spread forever or clones can spread or do the same thing that natural viruses
do i guess is his argument and since there's no swarm because the swarm is pretty high fidelity
then Jay's argument about clones is wrong and that they don't end up not even related to each other
if i find four coronavirus textbooks behind me that say that coronaviruses are high enough
fidelity so that the quasi-species swarm is just a theory that's never been confirmed
it's not going to change my mind about the fact that clones are a really really really really
easy handy proven existing way already existing for many many years maybe even decades
of getting the same sequence in the same and multiple places at the same time
which whether you like it or not whether Kevin McCurnan Karen or Kevin McCurnan like it or not
that is the basis of the pandemic the basis of the pandemic is simultaneous molecular signals
around the world that confirmed or conformed to the virus signal that was purported to be found in
Wuhan they sequenced the guy in Washington state and said that it was a sequence that was exactly
the same as the one in Wuhan therefore ergo pandemic started
that's how that worked
and you'll find other examples that are the same thing they justify this is further evidence that
a pandemic is underway and how would we differentiate that between that and HKU1 turning on the
testing we couldn't just like Kevin McCurnan or Kevin McCurnan admitted we couldn't that's
exactly what we could have done that's exactly what we probably did the only question is did we use
clones to make the signal stronger did we use the clones to to craft the signal to push it around
to amplify it to have it show up in a couple places to make an excuse to orchestrate mass
casualty events and to put the military wherever those sequences showed up I don't know
but we definitely need to ask all those questions we definitely need to ask all those questions
because these people are going to make it until they're going to keep going until the live becomes
the truth so when you give steroids you're suppressing the immune system and so so there is
that sort of double-edged sword there but they did give that that's not which saved his life
I don't think that's what Dr. Dr. I don't think that's what former president Trump thought saved
his life I think he said he thought it was the Regeneron but it was a that that's a method
of theory you had these two products which were not and so there he's serious he's totally dead
serious it wasn't remdesivir it wasn't the monoclonal Regeneron it was actually dexamethasone
and so here we are four years into this discussion we're not talking about the fact that he also
took hydroxychloroquine I believe and so that will be something that behind the scenes we're
supposed to argue about hey wait a minute I thought I thought Donald Trump was on hydroxychloroquine
I think that that that they're covering that up I bet they're covering that up you know
Stephen Hadfield's writing a book about that I'm sure that they're covering that up it was
probably hydroxychloroquine that would be the ideal response from the perspective of the narrative
controllers for us to think we're extra clever for seeing this one thing that wasn't there this
is part of the Scooby-Doo as well following the fake footprints following the fake set of clues
and adding it up to the come to the conclusion that they want us to come to
where is the discussion about the antibiotics when the very first thing that he admitted was
Trump had severe pneumonia they Trump had severe pneumonia that they treated with remdesivir
Henry Genaron
and dexamethasone
think about that
liars quite yet authorized but you had another product which was available since 1957
that ultimately probably saved his life so even though the use of decks in
covid was not very uh established the physicians knew from other infections that it could be useful
right exactly and it is it universally suppresses your immune system it suppresses all aspects of
your immune system B cells T cells neutrophils all aspects of your immune system would say blunt
instrument if you will but in this case an effective one and so if they had given it to him early that
would have been bad right exactly because early you want you know what that's right
Vilma that is right they were on video laughing about how dexamethasone was killing people you
are right wow that's a really good catch thank you very much for that that's a really good catch
i need to find that video again because you're totally right about that
come on dumpin
yeah they were really laughing about that wow we're so glad you remembered that that is crazy indeed
that is crazy viral replication is king king um you want to be able to make antibodies you
want to be able to make you know T cells that you know kill virus affected cells and i think
the degree that you suppress that is the degree which you only allow viral replication to continue
massively now if president trump were to be infected today test positive what what should
be done so if former president trump were infected today i think what what he should do
because he is he's older he's now 77 he is um he's overweight he should take pax lobin as soon
as he knows that he's infected personal he should he should test immediately if he has respiratory
symptoms and if he's if he's coven positive he should treat himself with pax lobin and so that
would need he would need to take pax lobed what within the first five days of testing is that the
guidance yes and the preferably in the first three days yes right now as you know very well
there's a lot of backlash against pax lobin there's this idea that somehow it's involved in
what's been called rebound which is no nothing other than the inflammatory phase of the infection
so do you think that his his physicians would be immune to that uh that that bias i hope we've
learned enough now to realize that as you move into the second stage of illness and your immune
system starts to take over and then your symptoms works and that that's what's happening when you
when you finish your course of pax lobin you're just entering your second stage of illness um
there is no such thing as pax lobin rebound there's you can call it coven rebound but it's not even
rebound really you're just moving into that second stage of illness i hope we we've uh put
an end to that i think with where pax lobin um where we suffered with pax lobin because there are
a lot of people who are admitted to the hospital and a lot of people who die who whose deaths could
have been prevented by treating early so i think one is what you said this sort of
fear of this false notion of pax lobin rebound but the others pax lobin does have many drug
drug interactions and i think for for some physicians they think you know let's just just
forget it there's all these drug drug interactions but it's always a matter of relative risk and
is it okay to stop one of those drugs for a few days while you're taking you know pax lobin because
pax lobin was going to have a greater chance of saving your life and stopping those drugs would
cause you to to die so i think we're not in that way relative risk or benefits because i think
there are a lot of that is just spectacular he is actually advocating for pausing other
perhaps effective medications useful medications addictive or or medications that their bodies
are used to for a short period of time in order to take pax lobin to avoid drug and drug to drug
interactions with it well that's just that's just hilarious because that's also just making
this spectacular assumption that you know i'm taking pills i'll just stop taking those pills and
then they're really gone from my body and and then i can take some other pills that if they combine
those two pills at the same time they'd be really scary but if i just stop taking one pill and
start taking the other pill and then stop taking that pill and start taking the other pill again
everything will be fine and it makes perfect sense to paul to to kind of just generally
recommend that to all the doctors that are listening if you're if your patients are on
regular medication or medication for a sick condition but then they get covid you need to
really consider very carefully whether or not covid plus their old medication is going to be
more deadly than covid plus pax lobin and not their old medication can you imagine can you
imagine the absolutely spectacular arrogance that this vaccine salesman
wow wow people whom you could stop a drug for a few days while you're giving pax lobin and we
don't do that it's interesting you wrote a few columns on how the words can be misleading right
and i think rebound is the wrong word in this case it's not rebound implies that there's a
recurrence of replication but that's not the case at all right right not at all and and we
did contribute to that i don't remember early on uh dr faltry had taken pax lobin and then had you
know as he moved into the second phase of illness started to have more symptoms um he then took
a second course of pax lobin pax lobin later in his illness which sent in many ways the false message
that um continued viral replication was the problem when the problem was really an
increase in his immune response and so that second course of pax lobin probably did little
to nothing for him but this still happens i mean i was on service a couple weeks ago and
you know we had a patient who was 10 days into illness and still you know the instinct was
to start an antiviral even though at that point there was probably very that the viral replication
was really not a critical part of the pathogenesis for the illness anymore i think rebound is
unfortunate for reasons you said and it seems to be i mean so much of this is in there
imagination right like jeffrey said if you just believe it then you just believe it and when
they're talking about viral replication with with i would guess all absolutely all of the patients
that he's ever worked on he's never had look at that that that french fried tater face he's got
there that that he's never had a time course of viral load measured by anything molecular
biologically meaningful nothing that could give you a real quantification of viral load he's just
going on the cartoon brochure that he was handed all those many years ago about how this works
and going by the cartoon brochure that they handed out at the beginning of the pandemic because
there are no ways of measuring the up and down of of the viral load except for with regular QPCR
and then you would need to use nested primers and you'd need to target something that was really
designed specifically for the virus that had infected that person and the expected variation
in the swarm that would be present so you'd want to pick some pretty clever primers that weren't
designed by the who they weren't designed by some private company or aren't proprietary
information and then you'd want to design a nested primer pair
and then you'd want to monitor on a daily basis maybe even multiple samples done in
triplicate from three different places in the body like let's say the the throat and the nasal cavity
in the saliva and then show me somebody who's not sick that you measure from at the same time in
parallel and then maybe I'll believe that you know something about the onset of and the peaking of
the viral copy load or the RNA levels of a person that is expressing this kind of pathogen
but just like the no virus people I am firmly on this area where these people are talking about
something they don't have information about they don't have data for they are just making
gigantic assumptions based on a cartoon brochure that they themselves have never done experiments
to validate they've done experiments that they've been told validate the cartoon but they don't
validate the cartoon you see that's also something
that's very hard to explain but you know it really is one of those things where
a clever mechanic could tell you all about how your car works and never give you any information
at all a very clever mechanic could tell you even hours of information about your car and
never give you any information at all but an extremely clever mechanic could give you that
same presentation and give you information that would actually raise the amount of money
that he could charge you for the repairs that would inevitably result a very clever mechanic
could make you think that he was a very good mechanic while at the same time creating problems
that otherwise wouldn't be there or maybe even helping having you create the problems that he
needs in order to run his business a very clever mechanic would know how to get repeat service
a very clever mechanic is never going to tell you that changing your oil
or never going to tell you that your car should not burn oil
even though we know that in the 80s in the 90s we all had cars that didn't burn oil
I had a Chevy citation that would never lose a drop of oil the oil would change color and turn
black but it would always be at the same place on the dipstick
and so these people because the immune system is complicated because our understanding of it is
unsophisticated and because the information is purposefully not very available these people
have been has been misleading us about how our immune system works and how they can protect us from
how we need protection from mother nature and they've been doing it for generations
that's the that's the wake-up stage that we're at here and Paul Offit has been doing it for his
entire career and that's why his face looks the way it looks because he should be retired
he's lied more than than anyone else should lie about children
and it has a toll it has a cost that's what you see here with us because people mention it all
the time and I think once a word like that gets into circulation it's very hard to pull it out
I think that's exactly right all right we'll put a link to this column in the show notes
and you can read more about it that's beyond the noise with Dr. Paul Offit thank you Paul
thank you it must be very hard to live in a world where you pretend to or really believe that
everyone around you is kind of an idiot and that a good portion of the people that you meet every day
think that you're a charlatan it must be a very very hard life to live where the two responses
that you get from people are either absolute hatred and disgust or a sort of obviously obscene
worship that you yourself know you're not worthy of what I what I absolutely awful space to occupy
but that's what happens when you
choose to lie for a living then that's all that you get back from the universe just lies
because the universe is kind of a mirror right it's an echo chamber of sorts
and so I'm really hopeful that the work that we're doing here is something that will
echo with you and your friends that will echo in a way that that benefits you that gives you hope
for the future that that that they are so out on a limb now that that the absurdity that you hear
when they talk is it's just so obvious it's patently obvious that they are out on a limb and so we
just have to keep pushing and I know that I've been promising for a while now but we don't want to
we don't want to we don't need to rush at this stage okay there there they are
the udoh throw that we do now that we already have them off balance we have our hands in the
right place we have our feet firmly planted on the ground and they are off balance so
it's just really a question of when do we want their head to hit the floor
and I want to make sure that when it hits the floor they don't get up again and so over the
next couple weeks we're still going to be doing some preparing I did get a little tiny consulting
gig in the background that I think is also a really important work but it will also put a
little extra money in circulation in the house for a little while and that's really a blessing
and I'm very thankful for it but that doesn't mean that I still am not on a mad recruit for
subscribers and so I know that most of the people that are watching right now are probably already
subscribed you've already seen that I have a sub stack and if you have subscribed on my website
you should have already seen that you've been given a lifetime subscription to that sub stack
a paid subscription so you get all the there's never going to be anything behind a paywall but
that's how a sub stack works and if you want to you of course you can also subscribe to sub stack
but I don't I'm not encouraging anybody to do that I just want to give as many opportunities to
support as possible and I don't want anybody to give more than they can I do believe that this
work is important for thousands and thousands of people to see and that means that there's lots and
lots of of people that have enough money to support that can do it and all we got to do is find them
because I do think that this is priceless information it's priceless work we're doing
and much more important the stuff that's to come the virology that's to come the lessons that are
to come are going to be the lessons that kind of once and for all build a bridge I believe between
the no virus people and the virus people the people that just want to know the truth I really
hope that at some point we're going to be there's going to be a lot of new friendships that are made
as a result of us all collectively coming together and understanding that somehow we all got fooled
we all got fooled on every part no one had it right and even when we were we thought we were doing
it right there was somebody in front of us or somebody uh making it difficult for other people
to understand us as well as we could have been understood in my case I've had people like Kevin
McCarron and Kevin McCurnan constantly trying to pretend as though they don't understand
or trying to pigeonhole me into one particular explanation or another and then claiming at some
point that I'm being a chameleon or I'm changing my arguments all the time when we you know if
you've been here long you know that we've always been saying that this is about expanding the
possibility space expanding the the considered possibilities of how the the pandemic was done
and once you add infectious RNA clones as a methodology to the equation in terms of how
important it is to RNA virology in general but more importantly how easily any combination of
methodologies under that rubric could be used to create the illusion of the pandemic that would
include high fidelity molecular signals maybe even millions of sequences could be done with clones
that's it that's the that's the theory and I don't know why everybody gets so angry about it I
surely don't know why people with with many many many more zeros to worry about than me need to
get worried about somebody like me with 3 000 followers on the worst platform in the world
hey 2 122 people here thank you very much I'm gonna bid you good night at this stage and I will be
on tomorrow but it's probably gonna be during the day if I get my get my ducks in a row we're
gonna be doing a 215 14 14 show and we'll do a couple hours in the afternoon before my kids get
home and we're gonna try and make that a steady thing and then at night we're gonna try and do
extra streams like this when we have time and energy I'll be very much thank you for joining me
i'll see you again tomorrow
it clips party april eighth no actually i think i'm gonna go um we could we could organize
something though what i'm thinking about doing for the eighth of april is going to um the show
title is wrong says beyond the noise that's that's the that's his uh that's his uh that's his vlog
i'm thinking about going to lake eerie for the for the for the eclipse because it goes right
through lake eerie we could all meet at lake area there's like a couple campgrounds there
we could have like a giga home biological eclipse meeting that could be kind of really cool
anyway we'd have to talk about that um thank you very much for joining me and see you guys again
tomorrow
so
i didn't change that title but i'll change it now thank you guys